Do your best fake “O” while looking the person to the left of you in the eye. 
Have someone blindfold you. Then, everyone in the group kisses you on the cheek, and you have to either say which one is your partner, and then kiss them on the lips, OR, you have to choose one person that you want to kiss on the lips.  
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, where you touch them.  
You have to leave an R-rated voicemail for an ex.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
Someone feeds you M&Ms or other small chocolate candy and you have to say, “Thank you, Daddy," after each one.
If there’s a pool, you have to go skinny dipping, and you have to choose one buddy to go with you.
You’re in school and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time out on someone’s lap.
Someone goes onto your Amazon account and buys a special toy for you that’s $20 or less.
Talk to your hand like you’re making a game plan to sleep with someone else who is in the room.
Lay down on the ground and have someone pretend like they’re using chalk to draw an outline of your body.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out using whatever furniture and pillows you have at your disposal.  -You leave the room. Everyone pours a shot. You come back into the room and take one of the shots that was poured. Whoever poured the drink, you have to sit on their lap for the rest of the round. (People can take the other shots).
You have to undress down to your accessories and skivvies. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
Lightly trace your hands over someone else’s lips and whisper “I’m coming, I’m coming," five times.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . ." Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
Put on a swimming suit and have someone rub sunscreen on your back. Wear the suit for the rest of the evening.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minutes while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterwards, but without knowing their identity.
T-You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Let someone go through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
T-Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
T-What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
It’s totally not legal to do this but if it were . . . . [fill in the blank].
T-Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
T-What is the song that you get it on to the most?
T-Where are you on the straight / queer spectrum? Be honest!
T-What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
T-Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
T-What is your favorite "special" toy?
T-When was the first time you came?
T-Who was your best partner and why?
T-When was your first kiss?
T-Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
T-What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated?
T-Have you ever wanted to cheat?
T-How many people have you slept with?
T-Who’s the hottest person at work?
T-What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
T-Who here are you most jealous of?Steamy  and  for Couples
You have to wash your partner's feet.
Be blindfolded and then tickled for a minute.
Turn out the lights and try to tun the other person on only using sounds.
Get within one inch of the other person, look them straight in the eye, and tell them how you feel about them for one minute. Do not touch them.
Blow on the back of the other person's neck, alternating hot and cool for one minute. Do not touch them.
Spell out a secret message for them on their back. If they get it right, they get a special favor of their choosing. If they get it wrong, they have to do something special for you.
You get to dress your partner up, using your clothes. Then take a picture.
You have to call one of your partner’s parents and tell them how much you love your partner.
Go streaking around the block. (This is illegal, so be careful!)
You have to do a one-person re-enactment of Romeo and Juliet using only animal sounds for the dialogue.
Single the Star Spangled Banner in a British accent while hula hooping.
Do a sexy dance for your partner, but you can only use one leg.
Your partner has to ride you like a cowboy and you have to buck like a broncho.
You have to wear handcuffs for the rest of the game.
Trade clothes with your partner.
Take a body shot.
Make out with them.
Give them a massage.
Remove your bra without taking off your shirt.
Take off their shirt with only your teeth.
Beg them to make out with you. They have to refuse. Keep trying to convince them in different ways for two minutes.
Put on sexy music and vacuum with no pants on.
T-You have to do whatever they tell you for one minute.Have you ever had an exciting dream about me?
T-Do you love me? How much?
T-Where do you see this going?
T-How many partners have you had?
T-How many people have you kissed?
T-When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
T-How many times a week do you touch yourself?
T-Have you ever done it at work?
T-Do you like telling me what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
T-What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
T-What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
T-Most you’ve touched yourself in one day?
T-Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
T-Do you like a lot of foreplay? What kind?
T-Would you take a shower with me?
T-What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
T-Do you try to feel me up when we hug?
T-Do you ever just want to tear off my clothes?
T-How often do you watch something naughty?
T-Do you want to pull my hair?
T-Do you enjoy it when I kiss on your neck?
T-When did you last go solo?
T-If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
T-Have you ever thought about me in the shower?Ideas for People Who Are Together Forever (AKA Married)
Let them do whatever they want for two minutes with your phone.
Take a picture of your ‘O’ face. You have to use that as your lock screen for 48 hours.
(for women) Put on your wedding dress (doesn’t matter if it doesn’t fit), and describe the first sexual memory you have of your partner.
Give a cooking demonstration of “How to Make Cereal” completely in the buff.
Find an old photograph and recreate it as closely as possible.
Create a “flower bouquet” using just items that you’ve found in your kitchen and give it to your spouse, telling them what each different “flower” means. i.e. this ladle reminds me of the time you did X.
Act out an X-rated version of your wedding day.
Do a shot for every time you forgot either your anniversary or your spouse’s birthday. If you want, you can opt to lose a piece of clothing instead of doing a shot.
Wearing just an apron, organize all of the Tupperware and their lids.
You have to give your spouse a full-body massage for five minutes.
Whisper the names of all 50 states into your spouse’s ear in the most seductive way possible.
Play the game reward or punishment. Your spouse gets to ask you three questions that have to do with your knowledge of them. If you get them right, you get a special reward. If you get them wrong, you get a special punishment.
You have to say to your spouse, “Daddy/Mommy I’ve been a really bad girl/boy. I think I need a spanking.” If they refuse to give it to you, you have to beg for it.
Kiss them somewhere new each round.
Lick whipped cream off their stomach.
Go skinny dipping for three minutes.
Send them a picture of you in your birthday suit.
Take a naughty picture with them.
Tease them for a minute.
Give them a lap dance.
Kiss them passionately, like in the movies . . .
Massage their neck with your mouth.
Give them a back massage without using your hands.
Act out how you remember your first date together without speaking.
T-Act out how you remember your first date together in 30 seconds.What’s something you’re afraid to tell me?
T-What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
T-What is your favorite sexual memory of me?
T-How have I changed since we got married?
T-What do you love about me the most?
You know, I’ve always wondered . . . . [fill in the blank]
T-Did you always know we were going to get married?
T-What sexual adventures do you want to go on in 30 years?
T-What’s something I did that you didn’t expect?
T-Are you where you thought you’d be 10 years ago?
T-If you could buy anything with $50, what would you get?
T-Would you let me look through your browsing history?
T-If you could give me a nightclub dancer's name, what would it be?
T-Did you ever fantasize about a teacher or an authority figure? Who and what was it?
T-Ever put something weird in your body?
T-When did you watch adults-only videos for the first time?
T-When do you remember being attracted to another person for the first time?
T-Would you play oily twister with me?
T-Have you ever wanted me to tie you up?
T-When was the first time you knew you were attracted to me?
T-What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to me?
T-Have you ever given or received a lap dance?
T-What is your wildest fantasy? and  Just for Girls
T-Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
T-What’s your self-love strategy?
T-What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
T-What is the most fun you’ve ever had in a romantic setting?
T-What’s something romantic you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
T-What’s your favorite body part on a guy?
T-Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
T-Most embarrassing crush you’ve ever had?
T-What was it like going down on someone the first time?
T-Have you ever faked it? When? Can you re-create it?
T-How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
T-What’s the hookup you regret the most?
T-What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
T-How often do you trim down there?
T-Have you ever gotten a bikini wax?
T-Have you ever considered a threesome?
T-Have you ever had a one night stand?
T-What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
T-When did you lose your virginity?
T-Do you have any interesting fetishes?
T-Have you ever been to a strip club?
T-When did you go solo for the first time?
T-What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?. . . . And Some for Guys
Give a detailed presentation on how you woo a lover in the style of a TED talk.
Give your junk a name and then give a stream of consciousness speech talking as it.
Imitate the sounds of both sides of your most recent romantic encounter.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
You have to say “I’m just a silly boy” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Go hide somewhere in the house until the next round starts. No one is going to come find you, but you must remain hidden.
Cook two bags of popcorn. Eat all of it as fast as you can, but in the sexiest way possible.
Take off your shirt and pants, lay down on the ground, and act like a dolphin that’s gotten stranded on land for one minute.
Pretend like you’re making sweet, sweet, love to the couch for one and a half minutes.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Make out with your hand to “The Song That Never Ends” (look it up on YouTube)
Put in your headphones and put on your favorite song and dance to it.
Someone gets to draw something on your face (with just a pen, not a permanent marker).
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Slap your butt and say “I’ve been bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty!”
Put on a dance song and grind with a pillow for one minute.
T-Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
T-Most embarrassing time you got turned on?
T-Ever thought about the same sex?
T-If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
T-Ever wanted to try on women’s clothing?
T-What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
T-Strangest off-limits crush?
T-Ever cheated?
T-Last time you cried?
T-Have you ever made someone cry?
T-One on one or the more the merrier?
T-What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
T-What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
T-Have you ever done it in a car?
T-Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
T-When it comes to lingerie, is less best, or leave something to unwrap?
T-Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
T-Have you ever role played?
T-What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
T-What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
T-Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
T-How many people have seen you naked?Texts +  +  = Fun!
Send a video of you singing in the shower (without the water on!)
Send a video of you showing every part of your naked body except for . . . you know what.
Change your Facebook status to “Feeling lonely . . .”
Scream. (Record it and send the audio).
Continue the rest of this text conversation from under your bed.
Go hide in another room for the rest of the night.
Go to the bathroom and make extremely loud grunting sounds. (Send audio please.)
Send the dirtiest text you can think of.
Send a dirty message in emojis that the other person has to decode.
Send them pictures of you trying to imitate five emojis that you pick out.
Dress up like your dad or mom and send a picture.
Write a haiku.
Send the most unflattering picture of you that you have in your phone.
Send the picture in your phone that’s five pictures back.
Send the most recent text that you sent your mom.
Send the most recent text that you sent your best friend.
T-Text your mom a picture of your partner and say, “Aren’t they great?”
Write a 100-word story and send it to them.
Write a 100-word naughty story and send it to them.
Send a random gif to the first person in your contact list with no explanation.
Touch yourself every time you text.
Remove one piece of clothing every time you get a (non-text) notification on your phone.
T-Take off your pants.What is the last video you watched on YouTube?
T-What are you wearing?
T-What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
T-What’s your worst fart story?
T-What did you think of me when you first met me?
T-What did you want to be when you grew up when you were 6?
T-What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
T-When was your sexual awakening?
T-Best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
T-What was your first sexual experience?
T-What was your wildest sexual experience?
T-If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
T-Your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
T-Who do I remind you of?
T-What’s something you want me to do for you?
T-What’s something you want me to do to you?
T-What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
T-What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
T-What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?Playing Truth or Dare Over Snapchat
Send a video of you eating a quarter cup of ketchup.
Send a video of just your torso and you’re shimmying outside.
Send a video of you making out with the air in front of you.
Send a video with you and the next person that you see singing “My Heart Will Go On.”
Show the least sexy part of your body.
Show the sexiest part of your body in the least sexy way.
Put on every single pair of underwear you have and send a picture.
Go outside and do the moonwalk—send a video.
Send a vid of you trying to do the worm.
Send of a vid of you doing crunches in the bathtub.
You’re a vampire. Send a pic of you sucking the blood out of your pillow.
Draw the best picture of a dog that you can.
Do 12 swimsuit calendar poses.
Floss your teeth blindfolded.
Send your sexiest selfie.
One person gets to choose the other’s profile picture on Facebook for the whole evening.
Demonstrate your best sexual technique using your hands.
Do a naked somersault.
Slap yourself.
Go outside naked.
The other person orders something from GrubHub and whatever it is, you have to eat the whole thing in five minutes.
T-You have one minute to change into the hottest outfit you have.Do you have a journal? If yes, show me the most recent entry.
T-Have you ever cried because of me?
T-Who’s your favorite family member?
T-What is your favorite possession?
T-What’s your biggest insecurity?
T-What are you thinking about?
T-What’s been on your mind lately?
T-What are you afraid of?
T-Who’s the one that got away?
T-Have you ever dyed your hair?
T-Are you turned on right now?
T-Do you want to be tied up?
T-What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
T-If you were to give a full body massage, where would you start and where would you end?
T-What was your funniest sexual experience like?
T-Have you ever done it in a public place?
T-Who’s the ex you’d do again in a heartbeat?
T-Hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
T-Do you have a hot cousin?
T-Do you think your parents are hot?
Fill in the blanks: No one ever did X like X did.
Fill in the blanks: I would pay $1,000 to have X do X to me.Fun  and  for Skype or FaceTime
Put your butt on the call and talk as it for one minute.
Show three of your favorite moles. Or, if you don’t have any moles, three of your favorite skin colorations on your body.
Sing an opera song.
Take off three items of clothing. (Not including shoes)
Draw a mustache on your face.
Cut off a little bit of your hair
Record and post a video of you on Instagram holding your tongue and saying, “I am a very pretty hippopotamus.”
Continue the rest of the conversation with your biggest pair of underwear on your head.
Do the rest of the call just in your underwear.
Do the rest of the call naked, but wearing a winter jacket.
Go to the fridge, pick out two different items, and use them to act out your favorite sexual act.
Have the other person quiz you on basic math questions while you watch a one-minute clip of something hot.
Try to re-create a famous kissing scene from a movie like The Notebook, Never Been Kissed, etc. but you’re just kissing the air.
Use provocative hand gestures every time you talk.
Read a colorful excerpt from a romance novel.
Write a naughty story.
They choose a random video off of YouTube, and you have to dirty dance to it (no matter what it is) for two minutes.
Until the next round, you have to try to talk like Yoda.
Try to continue the conversation while demonstrating your best technique on a banana or a zucchini.
Draw a picture of your partner and post it on Facebook or Instagram, saying how much you love them.
Draw a picture of you and your partner and make it your profile picture.
Do your best version of the Single Ladies dance and record it.
Remove two articles of clothing each round.
T-Take off your clothes, but put on every piece of underwear that there is in the houseWho (or what) was the love of your life? (So far?)
T-When was the last time you got really angry?
T-What is your favorite plant and why?
T-What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
T-What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
T-Cartoon character that you have the biggest crush on?
Fill in the blank: If you really knew me, you would know . . .
T-Show me something you still have from when you were a teenager? Why do you still have it?
Show me the most embarrassing thing in your bedroom.
T-What’s in your bedside drawer? (show me)
Describe your package in detail, including what it likes, what it wants, and what it’s feeling.
T-What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
T-When were you sexually rejected?
T-Funniest mishap while doing it?
T-Do you have a name for your special places?
T-Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
T-Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
T-Do you own any adult toys?
T-Have you ever flashed someone?
T-Have you ever taken a body shot?
T-How long do you last?
T-Have you ever sexted someone?
T-Have you ever thought about sleeping with me?
T-Have you ever pictured me naked when talking to me?Random, Funny, and Embarrassing  and 
Try to juggle three potatoes.
Put a pair of pantyhose on your head and skip around the block singing “La la la la la la.”
Do a 1-minute freestyle rap with a bunch of marshmallows in your mouth (be careful not to choke!)
Put on a swimming suit and clean the oven. (Like, actually clean it).
Let someone else get on one of your online dating profiles and use it for 3 minutes to do whatever they want.
You have to drink one cup of smoothie made out of ice cubes, water, and three other ingredients that someone else gets to choose.
Make a sandwich with your hands tied behind your back and eat it.
You have to eat macaroni and cheese, but instead of cheese, it’s macaroni and mayonnaise.
Eat one tablespoon of coffee grounds while saying “Mmmmm, very yummy!”
Make your 10 best fart noises.
Put a colander on your head and sing Space Oddity by David Bowie.
Endorse an old co-worker for something completely random on LinkedIn
Everyone calls you “Weiner” for the rest of the night.
Prank call someone at work and tell them you’ve always loved them (you can use something to disguise your number).
Find the oldest profile picture that you ever had on Facebook and make it your profile picture once again.
Put on the national anthem and do your sexiest dance to it.
Take someone’s shoe and tell it what a filthy, bad, naughty shoe it’s been for one minute.
Make out with a bellybutton.
Make a bowl of spaghetti and eat it without using your hands.
Make a bowl of spaghetti and eat it with your feet.Tell us about your bowel movements last week.
Show your armpits.
T-Do you ever smell your toes?
T-How often do you pick your nose?
T-What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
T-What did you want to be when you grow up when you were 8 years old?
T-What’s the strangest game you used to play as a kid?
T-What were you doing one year ago today?
Read everyone the first email in your inbox.
Read everyone the last conversation you had in Messenger on Facebook.
T-Have you kissed anyone in this room?
T-Who here do you find most attractive?
T-Who’s the most boring person here?
T-Who here is the least likely to do anything with their life?
T-What would you name your children?
T-Something you wish you didn’t know?
T-What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
T-Reveal a secret thought that you’ve had about someone in the group?
T-Did you ever dislike anyone in this group?
T-Last time you pooped or peed your pants?
T-Most recent reason you went to the drug store after 11 o’clock PM?
Have you ever done anything illegal (besides the obvious like speeding, having a sip of alcohol when you were underage, etc.)
r
