[ALL]
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
Where are you on the straight / queer spectrum? Be honest!
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
What is your favorite "special" toy, if you have one? If not, what's the weirdest stand in you've used?
When was the first time you came?
Who was your best partner and why?
When was your first kiss?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself?
Have you ever cheated?
Have you ever wanted to cheat?
How many people have you slept with?
Who’s the hottest person at work / college / -blank-?
Who here are you most jealous of?
How many partners have you had?
How many people have you kissed?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever done it at work / college / -blank-?
Do you like telling your partner(s) what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
Most you’ve touched yourself in one day?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Do you like a lot of foreplay (more than 'just a bit')? What kind?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
Have you ever just wanted to tear someone's clothes no matter the consequences?
How often do you watch something naughty?
Do you enjoy it kisses on your neck?
When did you last go solo?
If I looked in your nightstand (or equivalent), what would I find?
What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
You know $0, $2 has always wondered . . . ($2 fill in the blank)
Are you where you thought you’d be 10 years ago?
If you could buy anything with $50, what would you get?
Have you ever fantasized about a teacher or an authority figure? Who and what was it?
Ever put something weird in your body?
When did you watch adults-only videos for the first time?
When do you remember being attracted to another person for the first time?
What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
What is the most fun you’ve ever had in a romantic setting?
What’s something romantic you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s your favorite body part on a person of the opposite sex?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Most embarrassing crush you’ve ever had?
What was it like going down on someone the first time?
Have you ever faked it? When? Can you re-create it?
How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
What’s the hookup you regret the most?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
How often do you trim down there?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
Have you ever had a one night stand?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
When did you lose your virginity?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?
Most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What’s your self-love strategy? How do you get it on?
Have you ever given or received a lap dance?
What is your wildest fantasy?
If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
Ever wanted to try on the opposite sex’s clothing?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
Strangest off-limits crush?
Last time you cried?
Have you ever made someone cry?
One on one or the more the merrier?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
When it comes to lingerie or equivalent, is less best, or leave something to unwrap?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Have you ever role played?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
How many people have seen you naked?
What is the last video you watched on YouTube?
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
What’s your worst fart story?
What did you think of $2 when you first met them?
What did you want to be when you grew up when you were 6?
What is the dumbest thing $2’s ever said?
When was your sexual awakening?
Best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
What was your first sexual experience?
What was your wildest sexual experience?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
Your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
Who does $2 remind you of?
What’s something you would want $2 to do for you?
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work / college / -blank-?
Who’s your favorite family member?
What is your favorite possession?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What are you thinking about?
What’s been on your mind lately?
What are you afraid of?
Who’s the one that got away?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Are you turned on right now?
Do you want to be tied up?
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
If you were to give $2 full body massage, where would you start and where would you end?
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
Have you ever done it in a public place?
Who’s the ex you’d do again in a heartbeat?
Hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
Do you have a hot cousin?
Do you think your parents are hot?
Who (or what) was the love of your life? (So far?)
When was the last time you got really angry?
What is your favorite plant and why?
What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
Cartoon character that you have the biggest crush on?
Fill in the blank: If you really knew me, you would know . . .
Show me something you still have from >8 years ago? Why do you still have it?
What’s in your bedside drawer? 
Describe your package in detail, including what it likes, what it wants, and what it’s feeling.
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
When were you sexually rejected?
Funniest mishap while doing it?
Do you have a name for your special places?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Do you own any adult toys?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever taken a body shot?
How long do you last?
Have you ever sexted someone?
Have you ever thought about sleeping with anyone here?
Have you ever pictured anyone here naked when talking to them?
Do you ever smell your toes?
How often do you pick your nose?
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
What’s the strangest game you used to play as a kid?
What were you doing one year ago today?
[SINGLE]
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
Who’s the most boring person here?
Who here is the least likely to do anything with their life?
What would you name your children?
Something you wish you didn’t know?
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
Reveal a secret thought that you’ve had about someone in the group.
Did you ever dislike anyone in this group?
Have you ever done anything illegal (besides the obvious like speeding, having a sip of alcohol when you were underage, etc.)?
Last time you pooped or peed your pants?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about anyone here?
Have you ever had a crush on anyone here? How big?
Would you take a shower with anyone here?
What is your favorite sexual memory?
Have you kissed anyone in this room?
Who here do you find most attractive?
[COUPLES]
What’s your favorite body part on your partner?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about anyone other than $1?
Do you love $1? How much?
Where do you see your relationship with $1 going?
Do you like telling $1 what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
Do you try to feel $1 up when you hug?
Do you ever just want to tear $1's clothes?
Do you like to pull $1's hair?
Have you ever thought about $1 in the shower?
What is your favorite sexual memory of $1?
How has $1 changed since we started dating?
What do you love about $1 the most?
What sexual adventures do you want to go on with $1 in 30 years?
What’s something $1 has done that you didn’t expect?
If you could give $1 a nightclub dancer's name, what would it be?
When do you remember being attracted to $1 for the first time?
Have you ever wanted $1 to tie you up?
What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to $1?
Have you ever cried because of $1?
